[Music]
But I mean, this is just a one-off, no,
because of course they've given the talk show
a name related to me, I mean,
already. Well, let's see, okay, no, the
theme is going to be Javi, Javi and Dallas. No,
maybe not, but this is really strong, this
is too much, this is too much, and I don't
even think the
three of them can stand each other. I mean, it doesn't make much sense. I
saw a click that he sent me, I don't know if it's
one of the clicks that I have here, one of the
clicks that wale sent me, in which
look what I'm going to say, eh, laser
len, uncomfortable with the other two because of the
comments that the
other two were making because look, laer len is on
another level of defamation, insults and
things like that. eh, but
the other two are still a step or
two above the SERL, I mean, the other
two, I don't know if it's because
laser len is in Spain. Maybe that's it,
but yesterday he looked uncomfortable with
laser len collaborating with Messi, verga. Of
course, let's see, I don't know if it's because  he doesn't
know everything that's behind Messi
verga and I don't know if it's that he doesn't know everything there is
Because of course if you're
collaborating with Messi verga you're not going to
have the nerve to criticize or point out
anything, I mean, I don't know if it's that he doesn't
know all the shady things that are behind it or or
he whitewashes it of course up to that point I don't know
why I'm not going to watch these people's live shows
you understand but I mean already
getting together with these three people
Simply because you hate Javi
Dallas you name the show
Javi a name related to Javi which
is how we are at school I mean I
wrote those messages to a friend one
night of partying Ah well I don't know I'm
more cringe about the submissive one for example
Why didn't you put the title about
the submissive thing or why didn't you put the
title about Luis Gendera not
telling the same girl with Luis
Gendera he'd been with her for 40 years it was
different if it weren't if it weren't for your
mother he would be your boyfriend or something like that he put it
yeah mm or  a thousand more things no I mean there are there
well some messages that
some of the ones here have you
couldn't have named him pick up the
[ __ ] phone pick up the [ __ ] phone I'm
getting very
aggressive that I think they are
more serious messages no Luis endera eh It's been a long time since anyone
heard from the
frustrated director Well the last thing I knew
was like well he shares a lawyer with
ler len he shares a lawyer who is a
lawyer that he puts on him that he must have
introduced her to the la miare's mother eh man
I just freaked out while I
was on the telesalseo live
Karime told me about this thing I mean It turns out
that yesterday we did a talk with
Javier urra Javier urra is a
prestigious personality from here in Spain you
can search for him there he is very very very well
known he was the defender of minors okay
eh And we bring him to the main Channel
sometimes when topics
related to minors and
important things come up no and the last video I uploaded
with him had 300,000 views I mean the
view is that he is a man who is interested
not in his opinion and no longer in the RAE  because we already
know that he is a stalker who is here
every day, every day,
absolutely every day,
insulting me, slandering me, threatening me with
violence, okay, but of course, since
Mrs.
Antonia, since she rubs shoulders with RAE as
Karime is saying here, no. I mean,
the fact that she rubs shoulders with RAE.
Well, if Antonia supported Tania, pm,
this doesn't surprise me either, no, but
well, let's see. Of course, because what happened with Tania,
pm, there are still a lot of people
who don't know, she can claim that she didn't know,
that she does know, okay, but what happened
with RAE, man, a guy who starts taking
pictures of her, the conversations
of him taking pictures of girls in the
pool and sleeping with his friends have come out, or that he
yells at his ex, no, I mean, at what point are
you going to defend other things when you
support raay. But well, each one, it's that I do
n't need to describe
this issue much, no. I mean, they were already
doing it the other day, I said it between
the gossip, they were already doing it the other
day, they did it with those from the
university when I had the presentation and and  they
did Javier is very lukewarm with the
lady there is no series
pending but it will be eh When when I
pass a few lines okay but many things
that I have not said but it is that I do not
need to describe this or rather this like
like what description do you think
this is put on it I mean take you with raay
take you with so pm Carmen already said it
Sur those live until you want
and stop mentioning them they do not
understand hate gives you an audience but a
very limited one Yes Yes exactly Carmen
but it is like that you are absolutely right uncle
sh did say it but let's see content I also
tell you or rather based on it you can
comment okay But well or rather go
after each job that I have
lady eh toch As I put here in
response you or rather the other day they
were also doing it with the thing about with the
four not with the four that
I was going to go to when I went to the program
of Iker Jimenez not Iker Jimenez not
Nacho Abaz as if they were going to pay
attention to him because I also tell you or rather Javier
urr is not going to pay attention to raay or
Antonia or Iker  Jimenez But well,
going through contacting each person I
work with and going through contacting each guest
on my channel, going through contacting all the
programs where I'm going to work, it
seems like a textbook thing to me, eh,
textbook. I mean, it wouldn't occur to me, look, it would
n't occur to me, no, it wouldn't occur
to me to do it, no. It's that in fact I
defended
Miare when they boycotted her,
also with something that she promoted that I
remember people telling me, man, she
doesn't deserve it, okay. But well, everyone can
describe themselves however they want, you'll see that
this says more about the one doing it than the one,
but for me it's something they did to her,
aisis too, of course, they're the same, they're the
same things that won't change, Karime.
But well, this that's here is her
laughing at Raed the other day the same thing with
Cuatro and with Code 10 and with Nacho Abad it
's daily, eh, it's daily, daily, daily,
daily, I'm not even going to go down to the same thing, but
come on, not even with Ra. Look, yesterday,
yesterday, he got into the thing with the yesterday, he got
into the thing with the girlfriend.  no in the
Peppa thing I will never say anything to raay's girlfriend
never even if she tells me even if she
tells me never I just put it
here for proof no you have
seen it no and that's it you can't see it there is the
pppa the pppa Listen to This good it will be me
who sees it let's go I don't have the teeth well I
can't I can't let me see that he
appears in ik Jimnez well it won't be me
who sees it let's go let's go let's go Iker Jimnez
super worried that you don't watch the
program Well tonight boyic there
Jimnez and gindy appears this this or I
put it on Twitter the one who invited him like
he does robbing the police and this Well I
can also put whatever I want I'm
going to put something so Jimnez comes on
Twitter surely he has announced it or what I'm
freaking out eh Iker Jimnez let's see
tonight I have reviewed about 12 reports from
Cuarto Milenio they start writing to
Iker they did it in fact eh they did it
in fact eh they started to  write to
Iker Jimnez the night I went it's true
they started to answer him Iker wrote like
bu will I go in or I won't go in Gentlemen today it
seems better if nobody protests it's
better Iker wrote What happens is that he's not going to leave
Iker wrote like one the twicks go on
posting when they're on the
program and they go on posting the
photograph here and they started writing to him there
Jimnez man they started writing to him I don't
know It seems to me tch But well I don't know
I imagine there's a limit eh there will be
a moment today I'll inform you a little bit
about this subject eh today was the day that Ricky had to declare So I'll inform you a little bit about that subject okay eh but first first let's listen to the experts I don't know It seems to me too much eh too much too much as I have put on Twitter you put up with a
lot Javi let's see Jesus I have assumed
that these are people who are going to be
persecuted for life and they are obsessions
and they are things no I don't think it will be stopped by
the players that I think they stop
themselves YouTube  that you say well
at least even if it's just commenting on it nothing
nothing The striped one that leads crying
textbook Ah crying criticize criticize
that nobody was commenting on Ricky's thing
is crying no no literally Nobody
was commenting that today Ricky Eddie
had the testimony because he has been
accused of gender violence I mean
if any of us, me or Dallas,
had a testimony all these
channels would be opening if you have
paid attention to Serene manual of very sad
look at my translation I, I have had to
take a dog course to be able to
speak dog Look at my translation of this
churr that I have invested some money in
Lali so I have invested some money in
the MRI a kiss that I have invested host
seba 50 members we started the
night strong well that's it now I can go Thank you very much
be a friend A kiss uncle God that I
invested some money in Lali that I used
the lawyer all this rapper Pablo Franco
to denounce Rick and just when I was going to
celebrate with champagne that they had
filed the complaint against Ricky  nobody
is talking about the case That's the
translation that's the whole translation
just when I was celebrating that I
celebrate that Ricki is being reported for
gender violence I neither celebrate nor
celebrate it's a topic to celebrate
you celebrate stupidities of
Sentence for insult that please he
invested his time and his money
paying Pablo Franco for this to be
encouraged that man out of nowhere that
I have paid Pablo Franco but if
Lali has money Lali reports him
and nobody cares Because she knows it's
nonsense Ah that it's nonsense
man of course for you I understand that it's
nonsense Yes yes because part of another
projection no because Ricky says that he
checked Alali's phone Ah It's a
projection it's a projection but I
remember a person who went into the
bathroom with a laptop and downloaded 453 GB
of information from convers mantra Ah that he
downloaded 400 and some gigabytes of
messages and And where is the sentence for that
person because I have seen eh that
procedure and that procedure was
dismissed because there was no intention to
do it there was no intention
the meeting was fortuitous and and and because the the
testimonies of some of those involved
were contradictory among many other
things among many other issues there was no
secret there were no yes a thousand things
okay so that is dismissed in
court that was judged okay so that
is dismissed Where is the
projection it is a mantra that RAE is a
mantra RAE no because because d has suffered
has suffered a lot Dallas has suffered a lot
Then it is justified she is a lunatic she
is a lunatic because Dallas has suffered
a lot Then it is justified no it is not
that I justify it it is that
the judge who carried out the
procedure justifies it F you to what they reduce but
a lunatic yes unloading the entire
conversation Between her and the mother is a
hallucination no but But also also that
Okay that look I trust rickyedit the
total of zero units of
credibility for me from Rick okay I trust
zero but I don't trust Ali either I mean right
now my opinion is
equally positioned on one side that  to the
other because
really This isn't about whether I like him
or I like the other one better, I mean,
this isn't about who you like better out of the two, you
can trust Ricky in the
argument he has with Dalla, you
can trust Ricky in the action he
had with Pollo, you can trust
Ricky in the debate with me, and you
can trust Lali on one issue but not on the
other. I mean, it depends on what. So
if we're talking about the
gender violence proceedings here, what we need to
talk about is whether Ricky's
committed actions may or may not go to trial.
What did Ricky commit? Well, Ricky
committed a series of acts like taking
the girl's cell phone while she was
sleeping, okay, and recording a bunch of
conversations and then forbidding her to
talk to her friends, so forbidding her,
making her block I don't know how many friends,
then there's a series of insults and
contempt, even publicly, whether it was
part of what there is, and whatever they've
put in that I don't know, okay, here, since
you don't like Lali because I don't know what she said
in an Instagram story  I don't know what it
has nothing to do with each other they
both seem like c But what's your problem with
Ricky What's your problem with Ricky I
consider him to be a big liar I consider him to be a
big liar eh also at
least what he does on YouTube sometimes he
manipulates a lot s biased Also
many times what opinion I have
also seen how he behaved with his
ex-girlfriend who is now suing him by the way
eh what they did to Princess there he
went crazy he is very xenophobic
also no what they did to
Princess would be a lawsuit that
Princess would win What happens is that Princess
has told him that she does not feel like
getting involved I don't know how many years in a court
that she is not obsessed with that and that
well if Ricky dares to be
insoluta again or do something like that to him at
the slightest he will be sued And also in that case
I do help Princess if
necessary eh me and other people and I have
said this publicly I have not
helped Lali nor have I introduced her to Pablo nor have I
paid for the lawsuit as they are
saying  these people who only
know how to lie Well nothing else you have to
see them not TR but Little Princess Yes
because little princess doesn't have resources and little
princess does need it Yes I'm going to
help her Of course how could I not
help her against a guy who has uh
started making videos because I lose
a sentence of insults when he
does it every day you know what I mean Of course of course of
course I'm going to
help her when I'm going to help someone it's
said okay you know what
put it from Peru and the location no I
mean I think that Ricky's problem
with Dallas is that he wants to compete to
see who is the smartest in the
class no I mean I think that's the
problem that relationship or rather that whole thing is
very very shady to me No it doesn't inspire me with any
confidence eh Like the issue of the complaint
that Ricky supposedly filed against
Dallas there in Andorra that doesn't exist to
me that seems like a fantasy a
movie totally without any sense
then I'm right no laser len
on the Ricky Dallas issue I don't have it and
Dallas has it no the order of
distance itself if it is to me that
obviously it takes away the credibility of
that gentleman then Ah I mean you know that
you know that it is a lie you know that it is a
lie then I am right no
from the beginning no and Dalas no that it was a
lie the whole nonsense that
he and delox are making up going along with it
I know what could have happened in their
relationship I mean they are At the same level of
supposed evil that they are At the same
level that they are At the same level Ricky
Lali Lali no no Neither neither no
because Lali made up rape no stop Lali did
not make up rape Hey that
mantra that mantra must be
eliminated yesterday it is yesterday I was
discussing it with Adria about freedom
what comes up on Twitter the same thing let's
see let's see then he makes up
the rape and the girl goes along with it
just in case he
makes up the rape so as not to assume that they have when there is
someone that the
relative liked more than him the
first thing I do is tell him that that
was abuse that that would be abuse and it
could be  consider it a rape this
would be that I laado and she accepts it and she
accepts it it is recorded he makes it up he
doesn't tell her about a rape and says
here Adrian Bueno but the thing is that she
describes an abuse and he gives it a name No
she doesn't describe an abuse what she
tells him is an I got carried away because I
drank what she is making excuses for
Having cheated on him when they
catch her [ __ ] [ __ ] it's that I was very
drunk I didn't even remember I don't know what nothing my
God he doesn't believe it at any
moment he doesn't believe it at any
moment why Because he has taken her
phone and he has searched her phone and he has
seen conversations where she
wants to continue sleeping with him and
where she wants to meet up with him again
therefore she is aware that she is
sleeping with the guy and that she
[ __ ] him and that she wants to meet up
with him again and he reads those conversations
In addition to receiving things from
deleted messages I don't know what I don't know how much
where she is talking to her friends
about cheating on Ricky Eddy and Ricky Eddie
blocked her deleted the photos with them on
Instagram he  at no time was it
believed that she had been raped he participates
in inventing that podcast of those three there are
fewer lights than in the broken traffic light in
my neighborhood By the way #team r oo we have to
defeat the leftist Abi
Greetings Javi big hug I'm not
clear eh I'm not clear Look at what
he says he himself looks and I describe it as
infidelity because what I suffered was
infidelity and Although I know that this is going to
be plagued with people saying it was
clear we told you everyone
knew we told you on networks blah blah
blah blah you have to know that from the
beginning I was also very aware of
what had happened in reality that I
imagined practically without any
doubt what had been the situation that
my partner had lived in that
Enton in the place where the
events occurred to the question of evil first
think of Dallas XD Yes yes Well and no and there is no one
worse one more kiss seiru
how are you I have been keeping quiet about this
version which is my opinion these words
and this testimony in general has been
nothing more than to protect the
physical and psychological integrity of the person I
was in love with until a few
days ago to continue with her look what she
said Here I practically imagined blah
blah blah you have to know that from the
beginning I was also very aware of
what had really happened that I
imagined that he from the beginning
aware of what had
really happened Stop repeating the same
nonsense that she made it up
Good night Javi I would support with more but I listened
to raed of I invested in tokens you
can imagine what happened to
me he told me to invest in Trump and
right now I have my investment in
half I have lost half or I mean let's
hope that at some point it
revives not let me know if it revives e But what am I
telling you no that I did not want to be
seen as a cuckold that for all the
pride well because I wanted to continue with
her he is horny and because he did not want to
stay but stop making up the
[ __ ] stop making up the [ __ ]
and that no that it is a lie that she does not
make it up she she wants to cheat on him she
tells the stories no but she does not
make it up  she and he believes it Roman a
real kiss that is very it is very
simple you just have to know a little about what
happened she doesn't make it up she makes it up
for him he sits down in front of
millions of viewers to make up
a rape both of them if you want both of them
both made it up okay But the one
who stands in front of millions of
viewers to make up the rape
is him knowing that knowing that he was
pointing at an innocent guy or rather
how are you really freaking out Javi I'm not freaking out I
'm telling you the truth And it's that to me
when I see When I see eh When I hear
this comment that it's not that Ali
made up a rape that she didn't make it up
damn it was made up they
both hid infidelity Ricky didn't do that
to hide an infidelity he sees it no no no
no my God no
he doesn't believe that he knew it was an
infidelity from the first moment yes
he tells you and not only that if it's
made public it's also because of Ricky nobody
in their right mind publishes a post So if he does
n't do it the rest of us don't find out
everything in that  he plots nothing about the grandfather we
would not have even found out the one that is public
is him not Lali Lali has been public
because she was his girlfriend period Lali
cheats on him she makes up the
rape she meets again with the same
guy with whom he supposedly
raped her after and after all this I do
n't know 2 3 years pass two years TR years and she
goes to talk to Javi Oliveira to
go report
Ricky but I know that no Why do they start
affirming things that look bad, I
mean because it's just that he's making
something up and that's it and he
repeats it, it didn't pass TR years eh
months passed Uh yes months have passed that was
last year Look, they're both thinking
this guy has no idea what he's
talking about the two but as they have to
support each other but it wasn't enough for you the
damage that you did to him, I mean, he ridiculed him
he came across as a liar too because
what about the rape already became known
by herself that with all her story
but it was no no the rape was
known to be a lie because
Ricky himself when he saw that he was in [ __ ] until
the neck came out and said it was a lie it's that
nothing
these people say is true toxic relationship was a
toxic relationship they lasted a year
the three of them can't stand each other Look There are times I do
n't know if it will be one of the ones we're going to
see moments in which even lerl
is uncomfortable with the things
the other two are saying that's why I say I don't know if
he knows all the shady things about Messi
Berga I don't know if he agrees with
the queer things RAE but of course this
man is going to point anyone out for
anything Look my son if you're here having
a threesome with these people you
understand me I mean I'm telling you but of course it
's because Ricky's tactic is to throw several
stones up straight and wait for them to
applaud when they fall on him
a kiss I'll take it but of course It's that I think I think
the RAE has promised to pay for
all the judicial proceedings
so there he goes he's going to bow his head and
move forward with RAE for a year
and Ricky says no way let's go no Then
geey what the [ __ ] what the [ __ ] did they do in a
year I mean they just spent their time
arguing  So it was a
toxic relationship obviously that's why also there is a
point there is a strange point of this complaint
because Ricky lived in Andorra Lali lived
in Zaragoza but the complaint is filed in
Zaragoza and we don't know of course the complaint is
filed in Spain with the
Spanish gender violence law because the
Spanish gender violence law is
much stricter than the Andorran law
so the complaint is filed in
Zaragoza then of course when Yes because
you can report wherever you want
the complaint is filed in Spain because they are
two Spaniards okay it is an alleged crime
between a but if you were
justifying it with reporting
Dallas who lives in Dubai let's see if
a Spaniard allegedly commits a
crime against another Spaniard can it be
reported in Spain if in the place where
the
alleged crime is supposed to have been committed It is also a crime the same
as in Spain Okay so the things
that Ali is reporting would be a
crime in Andorra yes they can be reported
in Spain that's it man, anyway you have to
come correct all these people
uncle Ricky I understand that when Ricky
looked at the law he should be  in
Zaragoza so that the law can be applied
Because if the crime occurs in
Andorra it should not be applied to it
So I don't know, I know that the trial is going to be
held in Zaragoza, which is to say in
Spain So I don't know what kind of
scam or what happened in that
relationship because it's that but do you think that you
think that they will expel him from Andorra Ricky
Well, I don't know because it hasn't been
tried yet So that they are going to
deport him Because someone reports him, it doesn't make
any [ __ ] sense, they don't deport him, they
take away his residence permit if they
convict him Yes, if they charge him, no In other words, he is already charged, he is already charged,
no,
of them, he is charged, not in one of this
fraud, no, I don't
know if he has already snitched or not, but I think not So obviously they can charge you, they can charge you, but then you can win if they convict him, yes, obviously you reported it in another country, at least, let's see why I haven't Ah if they report it in another country, at least, let's
see why you don't talk laser about this
issue, tell me why I haven't  I'm talking
about Ricky because let's see when
what am I going to say there's a trial Ah
okay nothing there's nothing to say of course it
's not Dallas or Javi what am I going to say there's a
trial Well nothing why why do
I speak when Javi loses a trial what am I going to
say well nothing eh He didn't
win it and that's it and that's it they
tell you like that there's a trial they reported him
no but already already oliveira no but speak
condal condemn Ricky condemn
Ricky you know that these people obviously
because of their educational level and that they haven't
studied absolutely anything they
are always manipulating the terms Ah because of the
level I mean if you are if you have a low
educational level you have a lot of capacity
to manipulate I mean the lower level
of studies you have the more capacity they have
to manipulate So they call
Ricky they call him accused Ricky How are you going
to call an accused person accused
the RAE I can't believe it But how are we
going to see how how are you going to call
accused How are you going to call
an accused person accused I can't
believe it Look ra eh from first or
primary dictionary does it sound familiar to you they sell them
there or
what that he is not accused  in nothing yet
but how come he's not charged then
why have they called him to testify But
how come he's not charged I mean why have they
called him to testify to do
an interview but How come he's not
charged what does he think he's
charged please chat don't call
Javi Javi please listen to me But what does
he think he's charged
half half convicted a little bit I mean I do
n't understand what he
thinks he's charged with with the studies he
has eh of course he thinks that
charged is half guilty no no no son
if he were guilty you're convicted of course good
thing he's a lawyer it's true that he's a
lawyer he's confusing it with
convicted Of course he's charged of course what
is it what does he consider that he's
charged let's see wait and see if he
explains it yet he hasn't even gone to testify
tomorrow he declares Ah okay as of
tomorrow then utado okay okay okay
mexi okay okay No no it hasn't started and
then they and then they do
discriminate against you Javi d Well more Javi You
're not charging crimes No it
tells you no of course they believe that they
believe that  accused is to accuse a crime
they believe here Aristotle
believe that accused is that you are already
claiming that he has committed the crime
So that would be a convicted person not that he
accuses crimes and I don't know what but he is not
accused yet because he has to go he
is reported but accused he is not
this class I also give it to you for free RAE
for your crypto recommendations ok
reported is a person who is
reported ok so you go and
report me Okay now if an
investigation is opened ok If that leads
forward it goes ahead and
an investigation is opened then while
you are investigated now the
word investigated is used more than accused
But well it's the same Okay when
the investigations are already being opened and
the procedure is underway, for
example they are calling him to testify
ok that means that there is already an
open investigation on Lali Lali already went
to testify a while ago
so the investigation is open
then there he is already accused ok The
three of you are accused with me and
still obsessed that is like
telling you ler that by the way I think they must have
even used This
term with you is that the ler len
is now archived yes  They reopen it, you'll see. He
's charged, of course, right now, he's
filed, of course, right now. Laer. He's not
charged, it's understood, it's not being appealed. If they
reopen it, then he
'll be charged again. Of course, of course,
but those are not the terms that I
want to use, it's the dictionary.
RAED. It's a plan. No, no, no, it
has nothing to do with each
other. The plan is not, he has any other
capacity. I mean, he's not a stupid person
because with the false accusation that they
filed against you, they go, they denounce you, they
tell a few lies, they file it. You
were never charged. Fran doesn't
live this. Neither do I. eh. the unions, the unions
that, I mean, the unions that I do, Fran. The
crossovers that I do, you can't
get them, not even you there, gathering species
in the sanctuary, not even Marvel. eh. You
were never charged with being imprisoned.
The judicial process
never began, that it didn't begin, but
how come the
judicial process didn't begin. But how are you saying this,
but that's it, but the process didn't
begin. But then what are they doing
while they're on vacation, they're
making content. They're making
content, they're interviewing her,
okay, it's a preliminary phase.  Of course that's
very easy if I cl the other the other says
Of course of course I want to go and defame
someone I'm going to the police right now I
report it and I say I'm going to file a complaint
against Mexi because I want him to change the
color of his hair right now from orange
I have my doubts that this is legal what he
has on his head blue and then
Tomorrow I go out and I say look I have a
complaint Mexi no he didn't change his
hair color Mexi damn he's a defendant no he wouldn't be
a defendant he would be accused if they
open an investigation into that
shitty hair color he has
Then he will be a defendant of course and if they
call him to testify and the
procedure starts because they
admit him and all that stuff of course
Then he will be a defendant but you
go put the commissioner trust you the
lawyer eh he's a lawyer Well the first thing
is that he's setting an example that
isn't even a crime Of course but it's not
even this guy is taking advantage of my
studies and I don't have a
high school diploma, well come on, well come on So
you go and file a complaint and
then  the other person accused
is already accused
you are the one who accuses him Hey look, I came to
accuse him directly, I don't want to
report anyone I came here to the
police station to accuse Who do you want me to
accuse? It doesn't make any sense, they haven't
charged him with anything at all. Let's see, it's
clear, it's clear that Ricky has been
crossed. Let's see, let's see. I want to hear
your opinion please tell me what you did to me
Marseille, not the
Dallas diapers. Oh no, it's not the same anymore or what? I'm getting
up no no, here they're talking about
Dallas with Aron Mercury, I think
nothing's happening here they're already talking about Dallas, I do
n't believe it, they're starting to talk about
Dallas, let's see what they
say, espes, I mean, the Dallas brand, they were the
Dallas brand or what little ball. I started
looking for babies in the house, I said, the owner
of the Airbnb must have left a
healthy baby here. I went to the terrace and looked for them and I
said to him, Agus, Agus. Where is the
baby and Agus, what baby? If there isn't a baby,
because there are some diapers right in the living room.
No, we can understand now that how ugly the
diapers were for him. But  were you were in were
you at Dallas's house
or at pd's that they also found
diapers and how
ugly pd got how ugly diapers
that I don't Yeah well
the ones no And me I also
said this I said this in 2018 too because
while I was fighting with
Dallas one day when we were s we were
super heated arguing on Twitter
there was a person who wrote to me on the
gu said tell him to wet the bed
that it hurts a lot and I
said it baby for baby shampoo not for baby how
shady how shady no this no er
what is the baby the baby is 30 years old it
is for adults I imagine yes diaper is for
adults Sure sure but what is abdl what
is abdl dasas these are for adults but
I think he can use the xxl baby ones
too I think they fit him I mean with
the size that I that I take
But you know that there are people
who are adults that have a fetish  or one
of these things for pretending to be
an adult who is a baby and puts on a
diaper and they play but Jai you are
fighting these people are not even
fighting Exactly no but apart from that let's
see Dallas is diabetic okay No
you can't you can't imagine Dallas
pretending to be a baby
buddy transedad a transedad his pacifier
with his pacifier abdl they are called I think it
is adult baby I don't know how and
they interact with their
partner either it's not
like they are babies during and gives him his
pacifier I am wrong and they did not
pee or say that he does not believe in him
and that is the worst thing Hey but
Javi Oliveira had said this No, he said
that if you sleep with children children you
wake up This was something that to me la
la la miare wrote to me on WhatsApp at the
time I was fighting for for
Dallas for well with Dallas or with the
farfan account and he saw me at a moment
that I was turned on and that I did not
need much either much fire
for the Fuse you know and he said tell him  this you
know but it's a disease uncle gets
up no I don't even know if it will be
like this or it will be an outbreak or it will be I mean no
obviously I don't know and I don't care no
and there's a clip there's a clip of oliveira
making fun of Dallas about the
diaper issue there's a let's see yes it is yes it
is let's see don't get into that he wets
the bed because he has diabetes
Well it's not very funny either you know
really but he pees on YouTube he pees everywhere
what What is the
justification but he pees on YouTube he pees everywhere
What does this guy say that you ca
n't call a monkey I mean what the
[ __ ] is he saying but he pees on YouTube he
pees everywhere I mean yeah this no Of
course we can't know what kind of
places he pees No maybe
McDonald's is in that photo that he has
like very angry McDonald's
maybe we can't know what happened
there he wasn't waiting for the diaper he was
waiting for the diaper to arrive in
that photo I think he was Bravo because
that day he didn't have the Happy Meal  the
little doll that he wanted I would also
put on saws Of course if it doesn't bring the
doll that is a new Pokmon no well
this one that is another one come on this one and I'll
tell you about it I'll tell you about Ricky
well come on wow it was the wigs
in the end the wig was not going to go here to
collaborate the wig was not part of the
team also this what were they going to do of the
live shows these that they were going to do
the wig was another no to finish
the gap that is missing here no it was not the
wig with the Aron Mercury I think so
yes Ah I saw this one on Twitter about
Iron Mercury I saw it on Twitter yesterday Ah
there is something strange there I think that G is a
little bit the one that came out of Spiderman not in
him with his moving his package there his
member not in the r there like Spiderman
I think that him That I think that yes yes yes
Daniel Jos has had some kind of
gay experience I think that the arom
mercu is already plugged it he has to have
plugged it already there is a topic there is a topic that
in the chat they are telling me a lot
but it is also very recurring speculating
about  Yes I mean, here we go, there is the level, a
little bit of the name they have given to the
program, no, but we are also going to
finish, no, the nursery, no. Oh, well, I think that
I think that Aaron and he are gay
and they have hooked up, well, if it is my boyfriend,
who are they going to hook up with at the Estela level?
eh, then say no. Why do they tell us this?
Why do they tell us that?
[Music]
another fore